This game can be played by more than one player. All the words are stored in word bank from which the players have to guess taking turns. The theme of the wordbank are fruits. The player has the opportunity to guess either by entering a single letter or a word. Each time the player enters the letter it is stored in an array, displays the letters guess so far, and the correct letters guessed.
When the game starts it will give the player a hint about the length of the word and to enter the number of players to play.
The player name is entered first and the game starts, showing the number of chances, which is 3 to begin with and as the player guesses a letter, it displays the correct letters guessed till now and the letters guessed so far with number of occurencies.
The number of chances will reduce only if the player enters more than 1 letter which is considered as a word.
Each player has 3 chances for word guesses, and an unlimited number of letters. For each letter the score increases by 1.
When the player enters the letter or word it will be converted to lower case and compares it with the random choice word from the word bank (all the words in word bank are stored in lower case) and if it matches, the player's turn ends with the first player name being stored as the winner name. All the information is stored in a separate word_guessgame_results.txt file, where all the variables will be initialised for the next player and the same continues for the next player.
If the number of guesses is less than the previous player's guesses, then they wil be declared the winner.
Finally the winner name with the remaining number of chances and score will be stored in the output file and the information will keep appending in the text file